One day at school,
a boy asked me in front of everybody
why I don’t salute the flag.
I had to go up
in front of the entire class
and give an answer.
I was a little scared, but I knew
I had to defend Jehovah and his name.
I was in a new school,
and I wasn’t expecting to be pressured
to smoke electronic cigarettes, or vape.
It was really intimidating.
I was afraid that if I didn’t do it,
I’d get beat up.
But I love Jehovah and his standards,
so I knew I needed to take a firm stand.
I remembered from family worship
and our practice lessons
that the first thing I needed to do
was pray to Jehovah.
But the only thing I had time to say was,
“Jehovah please help me!”
My personal study and my Bible reading
helped me to view Jehovah as a close friend,
and my love for him moved me to take a stand.
I quickly found out that just saying no
wasn’t going to be enough.
My stand for Jehovah
had to be serious and specific.
I needed to rely on him and pray, so I did.
But I also realized
that I needed to do research.
I found some Bible principles
that really helped me,
like not “defiling the flesh.”
So when the pressure to vape came up again,
I prayed to Jehovah
to give me the right words.
He made me calm, and I told them:
“Because of what I’ve read
in the Bible, I choose not to vape.
I’m not going to do it.
Don’t ask me again.”
Jehovah was always with me,
and I never ever felt alone.
He gave me boldness to talk to many students,
and I’ve started many Bible studies.
Thankfully, the pressure stopped,
and the kids seemed
to really respect me for my stand.
This has helped me
to trust and rely on Jehovah more than ever.
I love Jehovah,
and I’m so happy I took a stand for him.
I would stand up for any friend,
and I’m glad I stood up for Jehovah
because he’s the very best friend
I could ever ask for.